Linux TIPC Demo Programs README
       
Last updated: 19 September 2008


This directory contains a collection of demo programs that have been created
by TIPC developers.  These programs can be used to verify that TIPC is
functioning correctly, and to educate software designers who are curious about
programming using TIPC.


Brief descriptions
------------------
hello_world
    Demonstrates a client and a server exchanging "hello world" messages 
    using connectionless sockets.

connection_demo
    Demonstrates a client and a server using connection-oriented sockets
    to exchange messages.
     
topology_subscr_demo
    Demonstrates how a client can subscribe for notification about the
    availability of a server.

multicast_demo
    Demonstrates how messages can be multicast to multiple ports.

stream_demo
    Demonstrates a client and a server exchanging variable length records 
    using a connection-oriented byte-stream.

inventory_sim
    A sample application that illustrates how easily distributed processing
    can be done using TIPC's location-transparent addressing and name
    subscription capabilities.

benchmark
    Measures latency and throughtput of messaging between clients and servers.

native_api
    A directory containing demo programs that utilize TIPC's native API.
    These demos are loadable modules running in kernel space, rather than
    standard Linux applications running in user space.  (If you are a typical
    TIPC user you can ignore these demos; if not, consult the README file
    contained in the "native_api" directory for additional information.)


Building the demos
------------------
The following instructions tell you how to build the user-space demos.
If you want to build the native API demos, see the README file in the
"native_api" directory for additional information.


For a TIPC 1.6 environment, just do a normal build; the demo package makefiles
should locate the necessary TIPC include files automatically.

eg. cd <top level demo directory>
    make

If the TIPC include files are not properly located, find the directory that
contains the files linux/tipc.h and linux/tipc_config.h and specify this
directory in the make command:

eg. cd <top level demo directory>
    make INCLUDE_PATH=<path to directory containing linux/tipc.h>

Note: In the standard Linux kernel source tree, this directory is located
at <top of source tree>/include.


Additional rules:

1) make <demo name>	- builds a specific demo
2) make clean		- deletes the executables for all demos


Running the demos
-----------------
First, a note of caution: most of these demos contain little or no information
about how they work, so be prepared to read the code to figure out what's
going on!

That being said, you'll find that many demos consist of a client program and
a server program, so all you need to do is to start up a client and a server 
in two separate windows and watch them do their thing.  You may want to invoke
each demo first with the client and server running on the same node, and then
with the client and server running on different nodes, and see how the two
demonstrations compare.


[END OF DOCUMENT]
